full sign
hey guys let me get your Daniel you're
watching road to the top episode number
23 we're currently in division number 46
games 16 games plates 18 points 1 more
points and we win the division title 38
54 is a record and I only cw's in the
form but last Assize you just sleep in
here don't mind of yours nor hats as you
saw it is but in the first game of this
episode I'm going to use a great
international team wins use Italy I
wonder the 4 12 12 information before i
go about 2% chillin appaloosa pretty
lumber to see of the residual income
I'll tell and share ave up front let's
find an opponent and we get matched up
against spain so it's pain vs italy at
the santiago bernabéu it's raining and
this is gonna be a good game i can just
feel it well telly drum go not its
tackle how is up amazing tackle yeah
that is part of telly that is fouled da
hai yai yai yai seriously on the ball
we're gonna see uh oh wow did not
respect the shop Jesus Christ that was
good job wow I'm speechless oh yeah BOM
tell the Boise oh my God he's so good in
this game but tell me what's goin on
well tell you Oh individual skill moves
well that's aa pop pop pop pop gets
tackled but nothing that is a penalty
come on referee and there when they have
time I so Spain in Italy know how have I
not sports yet beautiful naar je zo
Marty zo roulette oh that is a free kick
or a penalty red card nothing free kick
okay I'm just gonna do this and that did
not work oh good ball to Joe Inc Oh Jill
winco do some magic it's that yes uh-huh
I'm sure Bobby use your pace use your
got that pace we need to score one more
goal to make this safe there you go
she's gonna do it himself he's gonna
score this second goal of this game
al-shabab a let it go what a player to
nil to Italy against Spain espanol nada
chances haha brilliant team play like
usual from Italy crossbar okay and there
went the full time whistle Spain no its
elite to chevrolet impala telly with the
gold are you guys ready for this exit
yes 21 points division for a title oh
yes oh yes we did it we're in division
number three record thirty nine ladies
five drawers and you lost four games
division number three new points and we
need to get 21 points so i think it's
time to play our next game don't want to
wait any longer i just want to get to
division 1 and now i'm going to use a
team from belgium clip a brig Allen with
the 433 formation grieve it to go
percolate down on the buck the buck Adam
on DG olive oil Jorgensen Raphael of
alessia ends of course the striker
either small Daegu brilliance and the
Icelandic a legend that's why I picked
this team and yes I wanted to score some
goals let's find an opponent I don't
know no time titers Maori know Johnson I
do good Johnson good Johnson and you
know what we got mad stuff against
Olympiakos this is gonna be a good game
I can feel it feel it in my fingers feel
it in my toes Oh nobody's gonna get that
what is he gonna do now he's gonna get a
free kick god damn it that's not good ah
right on the line what I'm gonna do is
gonna just gonna show he's gonna pass it
clever clever rockville off oh my god
that's beautiful amazing ball wrongful
up this is gonna do something about this
we're just gonna pass it and make it
that you missed you missed the goal get
shots all I are well done I repeat
Johnson is pretty much the Icelandic
aruni the Icelandic our night awaits the
Atlantic Ibrahim woods yes do you get
the point he is amazing haider finds a
through ball I'm rigging up a lot Jesus
Christ that guy's bad yes good ball bios
good job he gets tackled inside the box
it's a penalty referee either oh I would
be Johnson I phone is ringing I don't
time for that anybody got time for that
well maybe I do yeah I'm better when the
outside my soul club break it one on
Tiago's no I heard good Johnson with the
goal who else
oh thanks a beautiful but good Johnson
what are you doing with the header ah
and there went the full time with so oh
yah Gosnell clip a briquette one iron
good Johnson with the go who else man of
the hour what a legend one-nil love this
and that's a good start three points in
Division three nine games remaining I
mean it's 80 more points to bring the
division title and to get to division
number 240 winds 5 to us and we only
lost four games brilliant we did it two
wins in this episode we haven't lost in
like 15 games in a row now and that is
phenomenal oh my god win win win win us
are 43 points in division number three
and now we want you guys to write down
in the comment section below what teams
you want me to use for the next episode
one club and one international team and
I'm gonna upload at GD project episode
later tonight so stay tuned for that and
I'm all this is just been wrote to the
top episode number 23 good your daddy 11
I say goodbye more